[music playing]
NARRATOR: Long ago, when the
pyramids were still young,
Egyptian kings played a game
of great and terrible power.
They did battle with magic and
monsters for riches and glory.
From these shadow
games erupted a war
that threatened to
destroy the world
until a brave and powerful
pharaoh locked the dark magic
away, imprisoning it
for all eternity within
the mystical Millennium items.
But even eternity
doesn't last forever.
It was never to happen.
And for 5,000
years, it never did.
The secrets of the
Millennium Puzzle
remained safely
beyond reach within
the imponderable conundrum
of its intricate design.
For a boy named Yugi, the
mystery of the Millennium
Puzzle remains just that.
The solution, if one
exists, eludes him as it
did those that came before.
Ugh.
NARRATOR: But this
time, fate has
played a hand in bringing
the puzzle and this
person together.
[thunder]
It was never to happen.
And for 5,000
years, it never did.
But while the
desert does its best
to conceal that which
should remain buried,
it eventually yields its most
ancient and terrible secrets.
Ugh.
Ah.
We found it.
The lost tomb of Anubis.
[thunder]
Professor, what
do you make of this?
It's amazing.
What possessed them to put
the sarcophagus in chains?
Hey.
All right.
Maybe this one next.
Yeah.
One to go.
I've almost solved
the Millennium Puzzle.
Now what have we here?
[rumbling]
[gasp]
Grandpa is sure
going to be surprised
when he sees I figured this
puzzle out all by myself.
The last piece.
This is it.
Ah.
Ugh.
ARCHAEOLOGISTS:
Someone help please!
Awesome.
I did it.
The Millennium
Puzzle's complete.
[grunting]
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
ARCHAEOLOGIST: What's going on?
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[cackling]
ARCHAEOLOGIST: We still
have men in there.
This tomb is cursed.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
Hey, what gives?
[gasps]
[shrieking]
Yu-Gi-Oh!
[shrieks]
Shadow creatures, be gone.
I command you.
Return to the dark realm
from whence you came.
NARRATOR: It was
never to happen.
But after 5,000 years, it did.
And with it, the shadow
games begin again.
[thunder]
[music playing]
ANNOUNCER (ON TV): In the three
short years since he started
playing Duel Monsters,
Yugi Moto has
risen to international stardom
by becoming the worldwide Duel
Monsters card playing champion.
But what makes this young
man such a talented duelist?
Is it his masterful strategies?
Or does the secret lie
in the powerful God Cards
he's assembled in his deck?
Whatever the reason, Yugi
has proven his dueling
prowess time and again.
He has reigned victorious in the
most prestigious tournaments,
including the Duelist Kingdom
Competition, and most recently
the Battle City
Finals, where once
again Yugi defeated former
champ Seto Kaiba to win it all.
Give me a break.
I bet I could duel circles
around this little high
school pipsqueak.
ANNOUNCER (ON TV): Yugi
says his success is
due to his
grandfather's coaching
and to his belief in
the heart of the cards.
If he'd play me
for those God Cards,
I'd take that chump
down in a flash.
ANNOUNCER (ON TV):
But others say
it is the three
Egyptian God Cards that
make Yugi virtually unbeatable.
And so the gauntlet is thrown.
Can anyone defeat Yugi Moto and
his unstoppable Egyptian
God Cards?
[thunder]
YUGI: You wanted a
rematch, Seto Kaiba.
You've got one.
SETO KAIBA: And this time things
are going to end differently,
you pompous windbag.
YUGI: Even you must
admit that your Blue Eyes
White Dragon is powerless
against my Egyptian God Cards.
Make all the
smug pronouncements
you like, but know
this, there's got to be
a way to beat your God Cards.
And I won't stop
until I find it.
[grunt]
Now, I activate the
magic card, Polymerization.
[dragon screeches]
This allows me to fuse my
three dragons together to form
Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon.
[grunt] And that's
just for starters.
Next, I play a magic card
that doubles my dragons
attack points, Mega Morph.
[dragon screeches]
Now my Blue Eyes
is more powerful
than any monster on the field.
There's more to power
than just attack points.
Ha!
And just what is that
supposed to mean?
It means my Egyptian God
Cards possess powers far
beyond mere monsters.
They what?
YUGI: By sacrificing two, I can
bestow upon the third
infinite strength.
Ugh.
They're melding,
pooling their energy.
[roars]
Ha!
Now, my Obelisk the Tormentor is
the strongest monster in play.
No.
I can beat your God Cards.
I won't lose to you again.
Obelisk the
Tormentor, show him
what true power is all about.
Attack with Fist of Fury.
BOTH: [grunting]
No.
My dragon!
Ugh.
No!
COMPUTER VOICE: System overload.
System overload.
The simulation
is malfunctioning.
Aw.
I'm sorry, Mr. Kaiba, but I was
certain that our calculations
were correct this time, sir.
If you'd just give us
one more chance, sir.
So you can fail again?
Sorry.
Please, sir.
We're close to postulating
a winning stratagem.
Well, if I were you, I'd start
postulating myself a new job.
Ugh.
You've had more than enough
time to find a way to beat
Yugi's Egyptian God Cards.
But as usual, I'll
have to do it myself.
Now get out.
Ah man.
There's got to be some way
to defeat Yugi's God Cards.
And I think I know
where to start looking.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[chuckling]
[groaning]
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
The God Cards?
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[roaring]
[grunt]
[panting]
What a horrible nightmare.
[owl hoots]
Huh?
That's it.
No more white wine spritzers
before bedtime for me.
Looks peaceful enough,
yet I sense chaos.
I may have lost my
Millennium Eye some time ago,
but I can still
see that something
terrible is about to unfold.
Huh?
About time the museum
got a decent display
of Egyptian artifacts.
Hey, that looks just
like a Millennium item.
Huh, this I gotta see.
FLIGHT COMMAND (ON RADIO): This
is flight command, initiating
Duel Dome launch conversion.
Over.
MOKUBA KAIBA (ON RADIO):
Roger, Dome Command.
Prepare all stations for
immediate dragon flight.
Over.
FLIGHT COMMAND (ON RADIO):
That's affirmative.
We show Mr. Kaiba
now approaching
primary flight deck.
SETO KAIBA: Begin complete
systems check at once.
FLIGHT COMMAND
(ON RADIO): Roger.
Vector gage.
MAN (ON RADIO): Check.
FLIGHT COMMAND (ON RADIO):
Navigation sensors.
MAN (ON RADIO): Check.
SETO KAIBA: Ready
the launch pad.
FLIGHT COMMAND (ON
RADIO): Yes, sir.
Opening hangar doors.
Blue Eyes White Jet, you
are cleared for takeoff.
SETO KAIBA: Activating
main thrusters.
[dramatic music playing]
I hope you know what
you're doing, big brother.
I was just hoping
the same thing.
[MUSIC - MARTY BAGS, "YOU'RE NOT
ME"]
(SINGING) You think
I've got it all.
Everyone thinks
I've got it made.
Well, how come my only
friends are the ones I pay?
No one understands what
I would do to change
my life for just one day.
Don't say "if I were you,"
or tell me what to do,
how things would be if
you were in my shoes.
Cause you're not me.
Don't say "if I were you,"
or tell me what to do,
how things would be if
you were in my shoes.
Cause you're not me.
Your red wine spritzer, sir.
Merci, Croquet.
Hm.
Oh, can it be?
My dear friend, Kaiba boy.
Spare me the
pleasantries, Pegasus.
You and I have
never been friends,
so let's not start
pretending that we are.
Oh my.
Sounds like someone needs a hug.
No thanks.
But since you mention it,
there is something I need.
Listen.
I've come to your little
Fantasy Island in search
of a card powerful
enough to beat Yugi's
three Egyptian God Cards.
And you believe I might
have this all powerful
God-smiting card because?
Because you created
the game, Pegasus.
Once upon a time, Kaiba boy.
But I'm retired now.
The only things I
create these days
are places like this for
the fishies to enjoy.
I know you, Pegasus.
You created the God Cards and
would have never let them out
of your sweaty little hands
unless you'd also created a way
to beat them just in case.
Oh, very well.
I confess.
I may have one card that would
help, but you can't have it.
What?
[snickers] I'm
sorry, Kaiba boy.
But I don't think
you deserve it.
True, I may not see as
well as I once did--
[grunt]
But to be honest, it doesn't
take a magic eye to see just
how thoroughly Yugi has
trounced your sorry behind again
and again.
Quite frankly,
it's embarrassing.
Well, since I'm
such a disappointment,
you should have no trouble
defeating me in a duel.
And why would I duel you?
Because if you'll put up
the card I need to beat Yugi,
I'll wager these.
Wow.
You'd risk your
precious Blue Eyes
White Dragons just for a
chance to trounce little Yugi?
My, my, my.
Seems you're even more
desperate than I thought.
Well, I guess I could
dust off my deck.
[snickers] Kaiba, my
dear and devious friend,
let the games begin.
STUDENTS: Come on.
Let's go.
Come on, everybody.
Hm?
Wonder what all the
commotion is about.
Don't know.
But I haven't seen
this many people
running from school
since they served
meatloaf surprise last year.
What in the--
Let me see.
Wonder who these guys
are all waiting for?
DUELIST: It's him.
[gasp]
Told you he's a lot
smaller than on TV.
Me first.
Let me at him.
Please just give me one
shot at those God Cards.
Get out of my way.
If anyone gets the
God Cards, it's me.
Help me.
What's going on
with these guys?
Life at the top, Téa.
Everyone knows Yugi's
the best duelist around.
So they all want a piece
of him and those God Cards.
Téa, try and sneak
Yuge out around
back while we hold them off.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Me and Tristan will
handle things here.
Thanks, Joey.
You can thank him later.
Let's go, Yugi.
Hey.
The usual plan, T.
On three, partner.
BOTH: Three.
- Quick.
After them.
Forget about those nobodies.
Now wait just a minute.
What did you say?
I said you're nobody.
Yeah.
That's right.
And everybody knows it too.
Well, just everybody
who's anybody that is.
Listen up.
Nobody but nobody calls me a
nobody, you bunch of nobodies.
Got that?
Out of the way.
We want to take
on Yugi, not you.
Yeah, right.
We want the King of
Games, not the King of Lame.
The Duel Monsters'
champ, not chump.
The Master of the Gods,
not the Master of the Clods.
Hey, I think I get
the point already.
But you got to
prove yourself first
by dueling a top contender,
and I think I know one.
Seto Kaiba?
Me, Joey Wheeler.
So if you want to get
to the King of Games,
you'll have to go
through me, the uh-- uh--
(GODFATHER IMPRESSION) the
Godfather of Games, capisce?
All right.
So who wants some?
DUELIST: I want some.
Won't take long.
Let's do this.
OK.
Ladies first.
Ha.
Funny.
Take this.
I summon Injection Fairy
Lily in attack mode.
Hi there.
Huh?
[grunt] Let's give
him a check-up, Lily.
Say ahh.
Ahh!
What the-- [screams].
I sacrifice Fenril
and Inpachi in order
to summon Maju Garzett.
Attack!
Sludge regurgitate.
[belching]
Hey, didn't nobody ever teach
you, you say it not spray it?
Some manners.
Oh, boy.
Now, you're in trouble.
I sacrifice Baby Dragon, Rocket
Warrior, and Little Wing God
to summon Gilford
the Lightning, which
means all the monsters you got
out on the field are
destroyed, pal.
Lightning sword.
Ah, nuts.
[laughs] Maybe now you'll have
the proper respect for Joey,
the Godfather of Games.
Is the coast clear yet, Joey?
Hey, it's Yugi.
He's back.
Let's go, Yugi.
You better watch out.
We're gonna get you.
Yeah.
They respect you.
I could have been a contender.
Quick, Yugi.
This way.
Where'd he go?
Whoa.
Those guys just won't give up.
We need to find a place to hide.
Someplace where we'll be safe
from that Duel Monster mob,
someplace they'd never look.
MAX-A-MILLION PEGASUS: So
what do you think, Kaiba boy?
Is this the latest in duel
arena technology or what?
This place is
an outdated joke.
But then so are you.
So I suppose it fits.
Now, now, Kaiba.
Let's not get nasty,
not just yet anyhow.
Look.
Enough small talk.
BOTH: Let's duel.
I'll start things off.
Oh dear.
I'm afraid you're about to
enter into a world of pain,
Kaiba boy, a world of chaos.
A world of absolute mayhem.
That's right, a World of Toons.
Ha!
Don't tell me that you're
actually still using
that idiotic Toon World card.
[groan]
Well, this is going to be
even easier than I thought.
[grunt] I summon Toon
Gemini Elf in attack mode.
BOTH: [giggling]
And this for later.
It's your turn, Kaiba boy.
I summon X-Head Cannon.
Also, I'll throw two
cards face down for later.
Ooh.
I'm so scared, Kaiba.
Two cards face down.
Oh, mercy me.
What will I do?
Oh, wait a minute.
I know.
Play this.
Card of Sanctity.
Isn't it pretty?
And it allows us each to
draw until we both have
six cards in our hand.
Just what I needed.
And now I'll activate
the magic card
Cost Down, which means that--
Do you ever shut up?
I know what it means.
Now you can summon your
strongest monsters to the field
more easily.
Please.
What do you take me for,
some kind of a rookie?
You're not quite
that good, Kaiba boy.
I summon the Toon
Dark Magician Girl.
Mmm.
Ha.
But I won't be
using her just yet.
First, I'll attack
with the Gemini Elves,
and I think I'll
have them target--
TOON GEMINI ELVES: Ah.
Ugh.
MAX-A-MILLION PEGASUS: You.
TOON GEMINI ELVES: Ha.
Ugh.
Cartoons are so
violent these days,
but we're not through yet.
My elves have another ability.
When they deal
damage to a player,
that player loses a
card from his hand.
TOON GEMINI ELVES: [giggling]
Aren't my toons simply
magnificent, Kaiba boy?
TOON GEMINI ELVES: Hm.
[grunt]
Oh, don't look so sour.
Think of it this way.
At least, it will
be them stopping
your little quest to
the top and not Yugi boy
for the umpteenth time.
Now then, let's get on with it.
Shall we?
Oh, Toon Dark Magician
Girl, your turn.
Ooh.
I guess it's true
that when you get old,
the mind is the
first thing to go.
Because you forgot all
about my face down cards.
And now, it's going to cost you.
Ah?
Attack guidance armor.
This trap's like a magnet
that redirects your own attack
right back at you.
No, you wouldn't.
ALL: Huh?
Oh, yes.
I would, and I will.
Guidance Armor, attach
to the Toon Gemini Elves.
TOON GEMINI ELVES: [whimpering]
Huh?
Aw.
BOTH: [whimpering]
[giggles]
But they were
just innocent toons.
You'll pay for that.
I activate the
magic card Monster
Reborn to bring them back.
[giggles]
And play Ultimate Offering.
Now for every 500
life points I give up,
I can summon one
additional monster.
And by sacrificing
my Toon Gemini Elf,
Kaiba boy, this first monster
will be quite a powerful one.
Introducing the Blue
Eyes Toon Dragon.
Looks rather
vicious, doesn't he?
But don't you worry
yourself, Kaiba boy.
He's actually quite docile.
Well, compared to the
next toon that is.
Ladies and gents, the
Toon Summoned Skull.
Sure.
I'll have to give up another
500 of my life points.
But then you know what
they say, Kaiba boy.
You have to spend life
points to take life points.
Ha, ha, ha.
Of course, you know
all about that.
Yugi's been taking your
life points, for what?
Going on three years now.
Oh, I'm sorry to keep
bringing that up.
Ha!
I activate the magic
card Dark Core.
Now by discarding one
card from my hand,
I can remove any
monster from the game.
MAX-A-MILLION PEGASUS: I see.
Well, then, I'm sorry
Blue Eyes Toon Dragon,
but I guess this is goodbye.
[roar]
Not quite, Pegasus.
You won't be getting off that
easily, because I'm discarding
Y-Dragon Head from my hand.
So I can remove X-Head
Cannon from the game.
What?
But X-Head Cannon
is your own monster.
What are you scheming?
I also activate the
magic card Soul Release.
It removes one more
monster from the game,
and I'm using it on
my Y-Dragon Head.
Why are you removing
your own monsters?
And now, I summon
Z-Metal Tank.
That makes no sense.
Unless--
Unless I still have one
more card to play, Pegasus.
And it so happens I do.
Activate Return from
the Different Dimension.
It's well worth
half my life points
to bring back all my monsters.
A nice trick to know when
you want to summon more
than one monster in a turn.
[whimpers]
And as you're well aware,
these aren't just any
monsters, Pegasus.
They combine.
Together they create the
ultimate XYZ Dragon Cannon.
Yes.
Now, I have all the firepower
I need to blast any card
I want out of the duel.
If you still say
you're going to win,
then it's time to
change your tune.
Go.
Destroy Toon World.
No.
Use Cannon Firestorm.
[screaming]
Oh!
Ugh.
That's all, folks.
Now, let's see what you've
got to beat the Egyptian gods.
Looks like you had two
cards up your sleeve.
What do you mean?
Two cards?
Kaiba, there was only one.
Yeah right.
Nice try, you snake.
TEA: The museum is the last
place those demented duelists
would think to look for you.
YUGI: Hope you're right.
TEA: Hey.
It's some kind of
an Egyptian exhibit.
[gasps] Look, Téa.
That blue pyramid there.
It looks like my
Millennium Puzzle.
TEA: Yeah.
It does.
Let's go check it out.
Ugh.
YUGI: It says "The
tomb of Anubis.
Egyptian Lord of the Dead."
Ugh.
If we stay here, I'm
going to blow chunks.
OK.
I get the point, Téa.
You're not a mummy fan.
Hey, it's my grandfather.
What are you doing here?
Oh, well, it looks like
great minds think alike.
YUGI: So you came to
see that pyramid too.
Yep.
This says it's called
the Pyramid of Light.
SOLOMON: In all my
years of Egyptology,
I've never come across
this relic before.
But it says here it
belonged to an evil sorcerer
who tried to bring about
the end of the world.
Well, I guess it's pretty safe
to say his plan didn't
work, right?
SOLOMON: Legends say a brave
pharaoh destroyed him using
the mystical Dagger of Fate.
The same pharaoh
who many believed
possessed your
Millennium Puzzle.
Come.
I'll show you.
See.
There's the knife.
Ugh.
Can we leave?
What's it say here
on his sarcophagus?
Let's see.
It's some sort of prophecy.
"The eye that sees what's
yet to come, its vision
shall be fulfilled
unless blinded
by events predetermined,
thus light and shadows
both be killed."
[screaming]
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[groan]
From the light comes the dark.
TEA: Yugi?
Téa, would you read me
the story about the bunny?
I'm going to pretend
that's the concussion talking
and forget all about
it, because right
now we've got bigger problems.
Like where King Tut's
freaky cousin went.
The mummy's
body's been stolen.
And that's not all.
He nabbed that
pyramid thing too.
YUGI: Grandpa, stay here.
I have a feeling
Kaiba's in danger.
I have to warn him.
Yugi.
Just keep an eye on Grandpa.
I'll call you.
[grunt] What hit me?
Probably whatever
broke into the museum.
No.
This is terrible.
Yeah.
They took the mummy and
the Pyramid of Light.
This is one crime those
crooks are going to regret.
According to the legend,
Anubis vowed that he would
one day return from the dead.
POLICE: What's going on?
GUARD: Over here.
This way.
You don't really think that.
Uh, Téa, I don't
know what to think.
Let's just hope that
legend is just a legend.
MOKUBA KAIBA: Stop the car.
Yugi, Yugi, I've been
looking all over for you.
My brother sent me
to find you, and he
said that it's real
important that you bring
your dual disk right away.
Wait.
So he's OK then?
I wouldn't say he's OK.
All I know is that
Seto hasn't been
acting like himself lately.
I think he's going
to totally lose it.
[groaning]
Way to hold back
that crowd, champ.
Oh, like you helped.
Then again, you duel
worse than my mom.
[laughs]
You're just lucky
I'm worn out, man.
BOTH: Huh?
JOEY: Check it out.
TRISTAN: What's Kaiba's
limo doing at Yugi's place?
JOEY: Hey, Yugi.
Wait up.
Stop.
Bro, I smell trouble.
Actually, that's me.
Sorry about that.
My brother's waiting
for you on the top floor.
I got it.
Thanks.
COMPUTER VOICE: Welcome to
the KaibaCorp Duel Dome.
Destination, Sky Top
Dueling Platform.
This is what he wants.
But it's too much
of a coincidence
that Kaiba would send for
us right after the vision
we had at the museum.
There must be something
more going on here,
and I'm pretty sure
it has something
to do with that Anubis guy.
It seems like you had
some kind of battle
with him 5,000 years ago.
Perhaps, but sadly, memories
of my days as the Pharaoh
are clouded.
Nor is it clear to me what
role the Egyptian God Cards
have to play in all of this.
I sure wish we
knew more about what
happened back in your past.
All that matters is that
we face the future together.
And I wouldn't have
it any other way.
Are you ready, partner?
Ready.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Kaiba's car is outside,
so Yugi must be here.
Wow.
You're a regular
Sherlock Holmes.
Did you figure that
out all by yourself?
MOKUBA KAIBA: Hey,
Yugi's upstairs.
Hey, what's going on?
My brother's
about to duel him.
BOTH: Huh?
Hm.
Welcome.
Glad you came to duel, Yugi.
Because this time things
are going to be different.
COMPUTER VOICE: Initiating
duel simulation.
Calculating player strength.
God Cards destroyed.
[laughing]
Whoa.
I hope you brought
your Egyptian God Cards.
Otherwise, this duel isn't
going to be any fun at all.
Kaiba, I'm sensing the
presence of something
far more dangerous than
you can possibly imagine.
Spare me the fairy tales.
YUGI: We could all
be in great danger.
I've heard enough.
If you think you sense
something dangerous,
you're absolutely right.
Because it's me and my deck.
And in this Duel Monsters match,
you're about to lose big time.
Mokuba, seal all of the exits.
If you say so.
What's the deal?
We're trapped, man.
Now what do you say we get
down to business already?
Something tells me that
this duel is not a good idea.
Kaiba, why don't
you stop thinking
about yourself for once and
listen to what I'm telling you?
You're in no position
to be making demands.
So shut up and duel.
And may the best duelist win.
I guess Yugi's going
through with this.
Kaiba ain't leaving
him much choice.
All Duel Dome
exits are now secure.
All dueling systems are online.
You've been taking
credit for being the best
duelist for way too long.
And to tell you the
truth, I'm sick of it.
By the time this duel is
over, you'll be exposed
to the world as a total fraud.
[laughs]
BOTH: Let's duel.
I'll start.
First, I'll summon my
Familiar Knight in defense mode.
Try and get past him.
Very well.
I shall.
I play Queen's Knight.
And now, say goodbye
to your monster.
Queen's Knight, attack!
[shattering]
By destroying your
knight I've activated
its special ability,
which allows you to play
a new beast in its place.
What?
Yugi's lost it.
Why would he let
Kaiba play a monster
with 2,400 attack points?
He did what?
SETO KAIBA: And you're being
so helpful, because why?
Because by doing so I also
get to summon a new monster.
King's Knight.
When these two
knights are in play,
I can automatically
summon my Jack's Knight.
And next, I'll place
one card face down.
Make your move.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
Looks like your
luck's finally run out.
I'll keep this card
face down on the field
until the time is right--
right for me that is.
And then nothing in your
deck will make a difference.
Your move, Yugi.
[electric crackle]
An Egyptian God Card.
I sacrifice my
three knights to bring
forth my ultimate creature.
Behold, the Egyptian God
Card, Slifer the Sky Dragon.
[roars]
Your monster is completely
defenseless against
the divine power of Slifer.
Now, my sky dragon, attack!
[grunts]
Had enough?
Not only am I not
afraid of your God Cards,
but I'm going to force you
to summon all three of them
at once.
Thanks to my Obligatory
Summon Magic Card,
you have to bring out
every monster in your deck
that falls into the
same category as the one
that's on the field already.
Very well.
Then I play two more
Egyptian God Cards--
Obelisk the Tormentor and
the Winged Dragon of Ra.
[grunts]
BOTH: [groaning]
You've allowed me to
assemble the three strongest
and most feared creatures
in Duel Monsters,
Kaiba, a foolish mistake.
[chuckling] It's no mistake.
My entire strategy was to draw
out your three Egyptian God
Cards, so I can be the first
duelist to crush all of them
at once.
And just how do you
intend to do that?
You're about to
find out right now.
Reveal Trap Card,
Pyramid of Light.
YUGI: So the Pyramid
of Light is more
than just an ancient artifact.
It's also a card.
Now, Pyramid, activate.
[non-english chanting]
[gasps]
SETO KAIBA: Looks like your
so-called unstoppable monsters
have been stopped.
YUGI: Impossible.
See for yourself.
Whoa.
Check it out.
[grumbling]
[groaning]
SETO KAIBA: Your
monsters are useless.
[shrieking]
But how?
He actually did it.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
Ah!
Yugi.
What's this?
[screams]
Yugi!
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
Oh man.
Not more freaky magic.
This weird stuff always
happens when Yugi duels.
Hey, what are you looking at?
I think you got it mad.
Just hang on, man.
Easier said than done, Joey.
Ahh!
[screams]
What's going on?
[non-english chanting]
BOTH: [screaming]
This is crazy.
[shouts]
It's Kaiba's Duel Dome.
That blue beam is the
same color as the Pyramid
of Light from the museum, and
I bet it's no coincidence.
Whatever is going on in
there, one thing's for sure.
It can't be good.
Yugi, where are you?
Kaiba, do you have any
idea what you've just done?
[chuckle] Well, let's see.
I think I've just beaten you.
[laughs]
[whimpers]
Hey, wait a sec.
This place looks
kind of familiar.
This is where the
Pharaoh Spirit lives,
inside the Millennium Puzzle.
I've got to find him,
so we can reconnect.
I'm pretty sure that one of
these rooms belongs to him.
Question is, which one?
There must be a million
doorways in this place.
[groan] Oh, man.
I feel as bad as you look, Joey.
What?
Tristan, I don't think
we're in Kansas anymore.
It looks like some weird maze.
And man, I think you
and I are the lab rats.
Hello?
Pharaoh?
Pharaoh, are you here?
Nothing.
Pharaoh!
You hear that?
Yeah.
It sounded like Yugi.
Come on.
It hurts, doesn't it?
When you put your faith in the
gods, and they let you down.
If I were you, now's a good
time to start praying for mercy.
Because from here on out,
I'm planning to take you
apart piece by painful piece.
So let the torture continue
with this, the torrential magic
of Mystical Space Typhoon.
Ugh.
Your face down
card is destroyed.
And if you like that, then
you're going to love this.
Peten the Dark Clown.
[chuckles]
But don't let
his name fool you.
He's no laughing matter.
Now, attack with
Bloodlust Slash.
[screams]
And to top it off, I'll place
this face down on the field.
That attack, it
drained me some.
But I'm far from finished.
Magician Valkyria, attack!
Mystic Sceptre Blast!
Ugh.
[grunt]
Nice try, Yugi.
But I knew you'd make that move,
which is why my face down card
is Deck Destruction Virus.
[grunt]
You set off this
crippling trap when
you destroyed my dark clown.
And now its viral tentacles
will infect 10 random cards
from your deck, and then send
them straight to the graveyard.
Oh no.
Oh yes, Yugi.
Now, say goodbye to
25% of your duel deck.
No.
I hate to be the bearer
of even more bad news.
But when you destroyed
my Peten the Dark Clown,
you activated his
special ability,
allowing me to summon another
dark clown to take his place.
Ha, ha, ha.
[blows raspberry]
I summon Des Feral Imp.
And next, I'll activate the
magic of Card of Demise.
It lets me draw five
new cards from my deck.
But if I don't use
them in five turns,
I lose them in five turns.
Now, I'll sacrifice my
Feral Imp and activate
White Dragon Ritual.
To summon Paladin
of White Dragon.
[shrieks]
Paladin, attack with
Ionic Spear Burst.
YUGI (VOICEOVER): It's as though
when I lose my life points,
I'm losing my
actual life energy.
And now, I summon
Blue Eyes White Dragon.
[roars]
Take a good look.
It's the monster that's been the
bane of your dueling existence
ever since our first match.
And now he's back,
but he's not alone.
Any last requests?
Huh?
There he is.
Hey, Pharaoh!
Where'd he go?
[gasps]
Hey, hold on.
This isn't his room.
Pharaoh!
Oh no!
[cackling]
Who's there?
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[gasps]
[grumbling]
[shouts]
[screaming]
Yugi!
You in here?
[screaming]
BOTH: Hi.
Huh?
Talk later.
Run now!
What's with him?
[grumbling]
BOTH: [whimpering]
Zoinks!
Whoa.
It looks like an
earthquake hit this place.
And what in the
world is that thing?
MOKUBA KAIBA: That's
what I want to know.
Mokuba, is Yugi
inside that thing?
He's in there, and
so is my brother.
[sighs] What is it?
I don't know.
Looks like that artifact
we saw back at the museum.
Only this one's supersized.
But how is something
like that possible?
Anubis.
You don't think--
Don't you remember the legend?
[gasp]
SOLOMON: Anubis once
tried to destroy
the world using the power
of the Pyramid of Light.
The Pyramid of Light?
Wait.
Rewind a sec.
All of this insanity
started when
my brother played
a card that was
called the Pyramid of Light.
Well, Yugi and Kaiba
are inside something
from 5,000 years ago.
And if the myth is true, then
Anubis is using it to finish
what he started in the past.
This is crazy.
We've got to get
them out of there.
I don't know what dark
powers are at work here,
but I can't let
them go unchecked.
I play Premature Burial to raise
Valkyria from the graveyard.
And I'll boost her
strength with Mage Power.
[beeping]
It may cost me 800 life
points, but my Valkyria now
gains 500 attack and
defense points every time
I play a magic or trap car.
Like these two.
1,000 additional attack points
make my Valkyria more than
a match for your Blue Eyes.
Attack, Valkyria, with
Mystic Sceptre Blast!
Not so fast, Yugi.
Attack Guidance Armor
will save my Blue Eyes.
Ah, a trap.
SETO KAIBA: Very observant.
Now, your attack is diverted.
And since my Deck Destruction
Virus is still in play,
it infects 10 more
cards in your deck.
[scream]
I've lost half the
cards in my deck already.
Soon you'll lose them all.
But first, I'll bring
back an old friend
who just hates to say goodbye.
[giggle]
SETO KAIBA: And next, huh,
I'm going to summon up
your worst nightmare,
because if you
couldn't defeat one Blue Eyes--
[grunt]
--there's no way
you'll defeat three,
especially when combined as
the Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon.
If you think he's scary now,
just wait till he attacks.
In fact, don't wait.
Blue Eyes Ultimate
Dragon, Neutron Blast.
[gasp]
[grunting]
[beeping]
[groans]
SETO KAIBA: Look at the
world's best duelist now.
[whimpers]
I think we lost them.
So what were those freaks?
DISEMBODIED VOICE: [cackling]
Yugi, what the
heck is going on?
We've been drawn into
the Millennium Puzzle.
And that thing up there
is somehow responsible.
Then what's that down there?
That blue one looks
like the Pyramid of Light
I saw at the museum.
Yeah.
Well, it looks like
it's beating the crud
out of your Millennium Puzzle.
Fighting pyramids and
creepy floating eyes.
Wonderful.
It's crazy.
Hey, when you hang
around with Yugi,
this is par for the course.
So any idea what
we're up against?
Maybe.
I think this all has to do with
an ancient Egyptian sorcerer.
I knew it was going
to be something insane.
He's called Anubis the
Egyptian Lord of the Dead.
Lord of the Dead?
Yeah.
Centuries ago, he tried
to destroy the world,
and I'm starting to believe
he's trying to make a comeback.
BOTH: What?
"The eye that sees what's
yet to come, its vision
shall be fulfilled
unless blinded
by events predetermined,
thus light and shadows
both be killed."
TRISTAN: Doesn't look like
the duel's going too well
for your friend the Pharaoh.
- Yeah.
We've got to do
something to help him.
And all I can think
of right now is
to head back to Anubis' tomb.
Uhh.
You mean back
towards the mummies?
Hey, come on.
We already know we
can outrun them.
Oi.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[cackling]
Does it hurt, Yugi.
Because it only gets
worse from here.
Kaiba, we can't
continue this duel.
There's another
power at work here,
and it's destroying us both.
That's getting a bit old.
No.
That Pyramid of Light has
created a deadly shadow game.
I know you sense it.
We must stop now.
The only thing I sense is
your fear, not that I blame you.
But I came here to win, and
stopping is not an option.
For all the times you
humiliated me in a duel
when clearly I should
have been champion.
For all the times I had
to listen to you preach
about the heart of the cards.
You're going down, Yugi.
And my Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon
is going to put you there.
Kaiba, once again, your
ridiculously overinflated ego
blinds you to the truth.
I am far from beaten.
I play Monster Reborn to
bring back Dark Magician Girl.
Hm.
Next, I reveal my
face down card.
Sage's Stone.
When the Dark Magician
Girl is on the field
and Sage's Stone is played,
it allows me to automatically
summon Dark Magician.
Ah.
Big deal.
Oh, it's a very big deal.
For now I sacrifice
both magicians to summon
the Sorcerer of Dark Magic.
[electric crackle]
And with his rise to power comes
your Blue Eyes fall from grace.
Because for every one of my
Sorcerer's fallen comrades
in the graveyard, your
dragon loses 500 points.
Ah.
And right now,
there have been three
magicians laid down to rest.
So your precious
Ultimate Dragon's power
decreases by 1,500 points.
[beeping]
But that means my
Blue Eyes Ultimate
Dragon is vulnerable to attack.
That's exactly what it means.
Attack with Celestial Blast.
Ugh.
[beeping]
Now, will you
stop this madness?
After one lucky move?
I don't think so.
Ugh.
Very well, Kaiba.
You leave me no choice.
I move to attack
Peten the Dark Clown.
No.
I'll have no monsters on the
field to defend my life points.
Sorcerer, Celestial
Blast Attack!
[screams]
You may have
destroyed my clown,
but you forgot about my
deck virus trap card--
and at a time when you
couldn't afford to.
Your deck is about
to be wiped out.
What?
Sorry, Kaiba.
But my Sorcerer of Dark Magic's
mystic powers are so mighty,
he can stop the activation of
trap cards like your Deck Virus
and destroy them.
My deck is safe.
But your life points aren't.
Ha.
[chuckle]
[cackling echoes]
I activate the magic
of Monster Reborn.
Then I sacrifice
my reborn Ultimate
Dragon to summon a new monster.
What?
SETO KAIBA: That's right.
You see, I have an even
more powerful monster,
compliments of Pegasus,
a shiny new dragon,
the Blue Eyes Shining Dragon.
[roars]
Could it be?
A card I've never seen before.
And for every
dragon in my graveyard
the Blue Eyes Shining Dragon
gains an additional 300
attack points.
That's an extra
1,500 attack points
right off the bat for
a punishing grand total
of 4,500 points.
ALL: [gasping]
But don't forget, due
to my Sorcerer's powers,
your new dragon's attack
points decreased by 1,500.
I don't think so.
Thanks to my Dragon's
Shining Diffusion.
What?
Your points didn't decrease.
Exactly.
That's because my Blue Eyes
Shining Dragon allows me
to choose which magic
trap or monster effect
cards can be used against him.
[grunt]
Just face it, Yugi.
Your days as a champion
duelist are over.
My Shining Dragon is
going to blast you
back to the minor
leagues, where you belong.
Now, hit him again, Blue Eyes.
Shining Neutron Blast.
Ugh.
[grunts]
[beeping]
Hm.
How do you like it?
The pain?
The sting of defeat?
I felt it for too long.
[sigh]
Now, it's your turn.
DISEMBODIED VOICE: [cackling]
You sure this is the
way to that mummy guy?
JOEY: Yeah.
Every hallway looks the same.
Ah!
Hey, what's wrong, Yuge?
It's weird.
Suddenly, I feel
really weak, guys.
BOTH: What?
Check it out.
It's some kind of energy stream.
Maybe if we follow this
thing, it'll lead us to Anubis.
Sounds like a plan.
Come on, pal.
Yugi.
This thing's putting
out energy waves that are
making my pacemaker go haywire.
[dramatic music playing]
[shouting]
MAX-A-MILLION PEGASUS: Up here.
I'd hurry up.
Pegasus.
Ah.
Pegasus, what are
you doing here?
How about we start
with a "thank you,"
you little ingrate?
If I hadn't figured out
what this whole Pyramid
of Light thing was about,
you'd all be crushed.
You see, Kaiba thinks he
got that card from me.
When in fact, this has all been
arranged by an evil lord who
tried to take over the
world five millennia ago
and is now back
to finish the job.
ALL: Huh?
I looked it up.
Now, this Anubis has created
the ultimate shadow game,
and he's getting
stronger every moment.
Then the prophecy
is being fulfilled.
And Yugi and Kaiba are
right in the middle of it.
We've just gotta find
a way to help them.
Looks like this is it.
Yeah.
[cackling]
Foolish mortals,
there is nothing
you can do to stop my rebirth.
I have infiltrated the
realm of the Pharaoh,
and his life force
now feeds mine.
We won't stand here while
you suck the life out of others
to save yourself.
We're going to take
you down, Anubis.
I'd stay in that
casket if I were you.
Yeah.
Because in case you
haven't noticed,
we've got you out-numbered.
[grumbling]
[whimpers]
This place is
crawling with stiffs.
[cackling]
What do you want anyway?
ANUBIS: Behold the
future since you won't
live to see it for yourself.
[roar]
ALL: [scream]
ANUBIS: Soon my
beasts of destruction
shall annihilate all
traces of life on earth,
and I will finally complete that
which I started millennia ago.
[roars]
ANUBIS: It is by your very
hand that this devastation
will occur, mortal.
For when you
released the Pharaoh,
you released me as well.
What?
What's he mean?
This is between me and him.
Listen.
You guys need to find
a way out of this place
and save yourselves.
I'm going to stay here
and figure this out.
Figure what out?
There was a prophecy
my grandpa read to me
in the museum,
and I think it may
have something to do with this.
I just don't know what.
Yuge, that's crazy talk.
Just go, guys.
Listen.
There's no way
we're leaving you.
We're a team.
We've been through
everything together,
and there's no chance
we're turning our back
on you now, pal.
That's right.
But the last
thing I want to do
is put my best
friends in danger.
Ugh.
Yugi.
Téa.
What are you doing?
Téa, please get down from there.
My friends need me.
I just know it.
Foolish girl.
SOLOMON: Téa, come
back in here at once.
I've got to help my friends.
MOKUBA KAIBA: She's falling.
SOLOMON: Grab her.
DISEMBODIED VOICE:
[non-english speech]
[screaming]
I'm coming, guys.
Téa.
JOEY: How'd you find us?
Are you kidding me?
Remember the friendship
symbol we drew.
Of course, we do.
The ink may have faded,
but our bond never will.
Right.
We're all with you, and
we'll always be with you.
Thanks, guys.
Friends till the end.
- You said it.
Yeah.
Right.
You see, there's nothing
out there that's more
powerful than our friendship.
Téa's right.
I can feel it.
All we have to do
is stick together.
Hey, sticking together
is what we do best.
We'll never leave your side.
Whoa.
Téa!
ANUBIS: Your
pathetic little bond
is nothing against my power.
Soon, my soul will
be fully restored
and your world
shrouded in darkness.
Yet you fools prattle
on about togetherness.
Then so be it.
ALL: Téa!
Téa!
Watch out!
[whimpers]
[groaning]
[whimpers] Hiyah!
What?
I could do that.
Hm.
Ahh!
[whimpers]
Let's take them apart.
Literally.
Excuse me.
JOEY: Hey, Johnny
Rotten, over here.
Take this.
[shouting]
[shouts] That wasn't
supposed to happen.
[grumbles]
Tristan!
Kicks to the
stomach don't work.
Neither do kicks to the head.
Nay.
Let's try this.
These carcasses won't quit.
How do you destroy
what's already dead?
[grumbles]
[sobbing]
It's no use.
They just keep coming.
ANUBIS: [cackling]
[grunting]
How the mighty have fallen.
Lying there on the
ground like a dog waiting
to be put out of its misery.
Get up.
Get up, so I can
knock you back down.
Something's not right
here, Kaiba, and you know it.
Spare me the
mystic mumbo jumbo.
You just can't stand that
your reputation's at stake.
[scoffs] You have no
idea what's at stake here.
But believe me, I cannot
let you win this duel.
Big Shield Gardna, defense mode.
You know, I think
you're the one
who doesn't have a clue what
this match is really about.
It's about payback.
Ha.
And this card will see to that.
But first, let's deal with your
so-called Big Shield Gardna.
Do you think it's big
enough to block the power
of my Blue Eyes Shining Dragon?
MOKUBA KAIBA: Hey, look.
Joey and Tristan.
We got to get down there.
Shining Dragon, attack
with Shining Neutron Blast.
Ugh.
[shatters]
[groans]
I told you when
we started this duel
that this time things were
going to be different, Yugi.
KAIBA AND ANUBIS: You may
have beaten me in the past,
but now there's nothing
you can do to stop
me from having my revenge.
You're finished.
Not yet, I'm not.
I activate Pot of Greed,
which lets me draw two cards.
Now, I summon Watapon
in defense mode.
And since I used Pot of
Greed to play Watapon,
I can summon another
monster to the field.
And I choose Obnoxious
Celtic Guardian.
It's your move.
So let me see if I've
got this right now.
You're playing a
cream puff and an elf.
Well, then it's your funeral.
First, the Card of Demise
I played before sends
this dragon to the graveyard.
And I know you know what
that means, don't you?
Now my Blue Eyes Shining Dragon
has more destructive power
than ever before.
Kaiba, please listen to me.
KAIBA AND ANUBIS: All I
want to hear from you is
your anguished cry of defeat.
Kaiba, for the last time,
I'm begging you to stop this.
People are getting hurt.
Lives are in danger, and this
Pyramid of Light you've created
is the source of it all.
There's a dark power in our
midst, and you can't deny it.
With every life point lost
we both become weaker.
I know you can feel it.
We must stop before
it's too late.
KAIBA AND ANUBIS: Ridiculous.
I can attack Yugi now
with my Shining Dragon
and destroy the rest
of his life points.
SETO KAIBA (VOICEOVER): No.
I should stick to
my original strategy
and defeat Yugi with his
very own Egyptian God Cards.
I'm afraid that for you
it's already too late, Yugi.
No, Kaiba, please.
You mustn't do this.
We still have time
to stop this madness.
All we have to do
is end this duel.
You know, Yugi,
you're absolutely right.
Stopping the duel is exactly
what I'm going to do.
Now, Shining Blue Eyes activate
your final special abilities.
No.
You're playing with forces
you can't possibly understand.
KAIBA AND ANUBIS: Finish him.
Finish him now.
SETO KAIBA (VOICEOVER): No.
I wanted a perfect
victory, and with this card
I can use Yugi's own most
powerful monsters against him.
I use Shining Nova.
It puts the rage of 1,000 Blue
Eyes into a blast so strong,
it destroys itself
plus anything I choose.
And the card that will feel
the wrath of my Blue Eyes
Shining Dragon is
the Pyramid of Light.
KAIBA AND ANUBIS: No.
I need the Pyramid to
destroy the Pharaoh.
SETO KAIBA (VOICEOVER):
What am I saying?
I must destroy it to gain
control of Yugi's God Cards.
Your reign as the
King of Games is over.
That title will be
mine, as will all three
of your Egyptian God Cards.
Blue Eyes Shining Dragon
sacrifice yourself and destroy
the Pyramid of Light.
[dramatic music playing]
ANUBIS: [cackling]
This I cannot allow.
What?
The Pyramid of Light
wasn't destroyed?
ANUBIS: The Pyramid of Light
endures, because I will it,
so great is my power.
Hey, what is this?
Show yourself, whoever you are.
ANUBIS: I have been
here the whole time,
mortal, whispering in your ear.
The whole time?
No.
This is some sort of trick.
Kaiba, look out!
Huh?
Ugh!
Kaiba, no!
You have served me
well, little worm.
But you have outlived
your usefulness.
[grunts]
Kaiba!
[non-english speech]
So it's been you
behind this whole duel,
manipulating Kaiba all along,
the Egyptian Lord of the
Dead, Anubis.
I am pleased that you
remember me after all
these years, my Pharaoh.
It will make my ultimate
vengeance all the sweeter.
You will fall, and my reign
of destruction shall begin.
We'll see.
The souls of
your mortal friends
have already fallen,
trapped within your puzzle.
My friends?
ANUBIS: Lost in a
labyrinth of the dead.
You're wrong.
I can still sense
their presence,
and I will fight to defend them.
No matter what happens, I
will not let your evil plan
come to pass, Anubis.
All I need do is
defeat you in this duel,
and the prophecy
will be fulfilled.
You will be destroyed.
The magic of the
shadow games that you
locked away centuries
ago will once again
be unleashed into the world.
And I shall finally
take my rightful place
as the pharaoh of this realm.
With the Pyramid of
Light at my command,
there is nothing you
can do to stop me.
The ultimate shadow
game is just beginning.
[cackling]
I summon the Terrible Beasts
Andro Sphinx and Sphinx Teleia.
[roaring]
Reverse of Reverse.
ANUBIS: Search your deck
from now until doomsday,
and you still
won't find anything
to stand against my Savage
Shadow Realm Beasts.
No, my Pharaoh.
I'm afraid that for
you, Doomsday is today.
Now watch as your
last line of defense
is ripped to shreds
before your eyes.
Sphinx Teleia, it
is feeding time.
[screeching]
My Celtic Guardian!
No!
And now, it is your
turn, Andro Sphinx.
[roars]
[shatters]
Each time Andro Sphinx
destroys a monster, half
of that monster's attack
points are taken away
from my opponent's life points.
You have only 100 points left.
Oh no!
Yugi.
[cackling] Your fate
is sealed, Pharaoh.
Soon, you will be the
relic buried away.
[chuckles] Soon, worms
will feast on your flesh,
just as they did on mine.
Your worms will
have to wait, Anubis.
I trust my fate to the
heart of the cards.
No monsters, just
two magic cards.
That's all I have left.
[grumbles]
[whimpers] He's all yours.
I don't want your mummy.
Ah!
[gasps]
YUGI: That eye up there
seems to be his power source.
Hey, hold on.
The prophecy.
"The eye that sees
what's yet to come,
its vision shall be fulfilled
unless blinded by
events predetermined."
Predetermined events is just
another way of saying fate.
The prophecy means the eye
can be blinded by fate.
[shouts]
Heads up, you freak!
[groans]
The prophecy.
I think I've figured it out.
All right, Yuge.
Way to use your head.
We'll see.
If I'm right, I gotta
find that Dagger of Fate.
[grunts]
Ugh.
Yugi, please hurry.
It's empty.
Please be in here somewhere.
Yes!
[whimpers]
Here it is.
Let's just hope that
fate is on our side.
[grunts] Come on.
[clink]
No!
[grumbles]
I sense a weakness
in the Pyramid's power.
Hm, Yugi.
I activate Double Spell.
By discarding one
card from my hand
I can select a new one from
my opponent's graveyard
and use it as my own.
And I know just the card I want.
Monster Reborn.
So come forth Mighty
Blue Eyes Shining Dragon.
And I have a hunch this
time your Pyramid won't
be able to stand up to it.
Go Shining Nova.
Use all your power to finish
what you started before
and destroy the
Pyramid of Light.
[shatters]
Impossible.
[grunting]
Huh?
[shattering]
ALL: Oh.
And with that I'll end my turn
now that the Pyramid of Light
is gone.
Your opponent tried
and failed to destroy
the Pyramid with that dragon.
You alone couldn't
make such a difference.
You're quite
right that I could
not have done it all alone.
You may have
destroyed the card,
Pharaoh, but not the Pyramid
of Light around my neck.
Behold its power.
Inspired by your modern sayings,
two heads are better than one.
Theinen the Great Sphinx.
[roaring]
And now, Pyramid of Light
feed this perfect beast
with Dead Souls Set Free.
[gasps]
Hey, look.
Tell me that attack
meter's broke.
Say hello, Theinen.
[roars]
5,000 years ago, I never had
the chance to summon Theinen
to our battle, so
I think it would
be best if we made
up for lost time
and finally had a
proper introduction.
Theinen, meet the Pharaoh.
And Pharaoh, meet your doom.
[laughs]
We don't have anything
that can beat that Sphinx.
Yes, we do, Yugi.
If I'm correct about
what Kaiba was planning.
Now then, Anubis,
this is still a duel,
and I still have one
face down card to play,
Reverse of Reverse,
which allows me to use
the last card played by Kaiba.
Return from the
Different Dimension.
When Kaiba spoke of dealing
me the perfect defeat,
he meant wiping me out
with my own Egyptian Gods.
Allow me to introduce
Obelisk the Tormentor,
Slifer the sky dragon, and
the Winged Dragon of Ra.
My Egyptian Gods, combine
now for infinite power.
[grunts]
[groans]
[growls]
Now, go.
Titan Firestorm.
[dramatic music playing]
[roaring]
[shatters]
[grunting]
No!
Yeah, Yuge.
All right.
Yeah.
You did it.
We did it.
Kaiba, are you all right?
Let me help you.
I can take care of myself.
Ugh.
ANUBIS: [cackling]
[gasps]
What the--
ANUBIS: Shadows take life.
Creatures be born.
Now, let's see how
well you play this game
when the monsters are real.
Monsters?
For real?
Uh-oh.
It is no longer time to duel.
Now, it is time to die.
[growl]
Nothing in your decks
of cards can save you now.
[gasps]
Ugh.
It appears you are
one card short, Pharaoh.
Yeah.
But I'm not.
Attack.
Gilford the Lightning and
Gearfried the Iron Knight.
Be gone.
[growls]
[shatters]
You have no concept
of my powers.
And now, the end begins.
[explosions]
We're pancakes.
ALL: Whoa!
Not yet.
These two monsters
won't last long.
We have to get out of here
while we still have the chance.
Yugi, I know you'll
take this creep down.
That's right.
Because we'll be
with you all the way.
TEA, TRISTAN, AND JOEY: Always.
Fine.
Let's go already.
[groaning]
Ugh.
[roaring]
YUGI: How can we
beat a real monster?
SETO KAIBA: How?
With a real monster.
Yugi.
What's this?
The one card that
could beat him.
It's time to get real with
the Blue Eyes Shining Dragon.
[roaring]
BOTH: Shining Nova Attack.
If the monsters
are real, so are
all their powers,
including this dragon's
ability to destroy any monster.
[roars]
Destroy, Anubis.
Whoa.
Check it out.
No!
[dramatic music playing]
[screaming]
[non-english speech]
[shatters]
[screeches]
He's not coming
back again, right?
We should take a closer look
at that prophecy to see what
it foretells for the future.
Oh, please, old man.
Anubis is gone.
No one could return after
suffering a defeat so
thoroughly devastating as that.
Well, no one but Kaiba, that is.
I'm sorry.
Did I say that out loud?
Kaiba.
Oh, please.
Spare me all your bull
about friendship, will ya?
If it wasn't for that
freak crashing the party,
we both know that the
winner of today's duel
would have been me.
So enjoy your last days of being
champion while you still can.
I gotta say it's nice to
have the old Kaiba back.
Yeah.
Well, this conversation's over.
We'll duel again.
Wait up.
I'm sure glad he didn't
bring up all the damage you did
to the Duel Dome, because I
don't think his insurance is
going to cover this.
He's got plenty
of money, Grandpa.
But what he doesn't
have is one of these.
And unless he changes, he won't
have best friends like this.
What Kaiba doesn't
get is that victory
means nothing
unless you can share
it with the people you love.
Because then, you're
really a winner.
You can say that again.
[MUSIC - JAMES CHATTON, "ONE
CARD SHORT"]
(SINGING) Life's just a game.
We all want to win.
Keep your hand a secret.
Unleash the monsters within.
Sometimes it's over
before it's even begun.
If someone else gets hurt,
then what have you really won?
I'm always one card short,
always one day late.
For once, I found an
ending I can celebrate.
I stacked the deck myself, so
there's no one else to blame.
I need just one more
move, one final chance
to prove I can win this game.
[MUSIC - JEAN RODRIGUEZ, "STEP
UP"]
(SINGING) And do you
really want to know it?
I don't think you
want to know the way
that this is going down, the
way my feet are on ground.
Do you really think you can
take over my position and place?
Yeah, I don't think
you have a chance.
Yeah, I got my friends.
And they got my back.
Any evil coming here to
attack, well, pack your bags.
'Cause you're not staying long.
And soon you're gonna be gone.
Step up, step up.
And you can try to get to me.
But at the end, you're
gonna see the only way
it's supposed to be.
[MUSIC - RUSSELL VELAZQUEZ,
"BLIND AMBITION"]
(SINGING) I wanna
change the world.
I wanna find my pearl.
I wanna be the one who in
the end gets the pretty girl.
Don't wanna be outdone.
Don't wanna be second to none.
I wanna be the hero,
not a zero to anyone.
But I'm subtraction by addition,
and I'm a pretty bad magician.
I haven't figured
out my mission.
Just another boy
with blind ambition.
[music - fatty koo, "it's over"]
(SINGING) Through the
pain, I see you wonder.
Hear the thunder.
Let it rain.
I been down there before.
Gotta crawl before you walk.
If you can't battle, I
suggest you not talk.
Flip that.
Strategize, energize.
I guess I lost.
I strike back.
Put the fig in the yas.
Show 'em that.
Can't take this from me.
This is my life.
Burning in flames.
Tears in my eyes.
It's over.
[MUSIC - JEN SCATURRO, "HOW MUCH
LONGER"]
(SINGING) I'm stuck inside.
Can't get this done.
Wish I could hide.
This scene is
really such a pain.
I just can't see how
this is any use to me.
This work is driving me insane.
All I really want
is to get away.
Can anybody tell me?
How much longer till I'm done?
How much longer
before I feel the sun?
How much longer?
I can't wait.
How much longer until
I can play that game?